today's video we will go through the
events of 2012's documentary crime
sinister spoilers ahead you have been
warned make sure to give this video a
thumbs up comment on what your favorite
part was and subscribe to our channel
for more
ellison oswalt is a famous true crime
author he has just moved into a new home
with his wife tracy son trevor and
daughter ashley as the couple is
unboxing their belongings the town
sheriff arrives at the front of the
house ellison's last two true crime
books had flopped the book's influence
has also caused one of the criminals to
be set free the sheriff knows this so he
warns ellison to go back to his old
house and leave the town alone allison
politely asks the sheriff to leave and
comes back inside on his way in tracy
asks him if they have moved into a house
near a crime scene again ellison lies
and says no but in reality ellison chose
this specific house because it is
associated with an unsolved crime a few
years ago a family of five the stevenson
family lived in the house
everyone from the family except for the
youngest daughter stephanie was murdered
they were hung from a tree outside
stephanie however went missing after the
incident and was never found ellison
hopes to find out more about the house
and the family to write about them in
his next book
after his talk with the sheriff ellison
goes to the backyard and sees the same
tree the family was hung on later he
goes to the house's attic to unload the
boxes from the move the loft is empty
except for a single box on its floor
curious allison puts the other boxes
aside and opens the singular box
inside is a projector and several reels
the reels seem to be a family event
marked with different names ellison
brings the box downstairs
at dinner that night trevor complains
about being bullied by the kids at his
school because of ellison's books
tracy is worried about the impact of
ellison's stories on the kids she warns
ellison never to leave the doors to his
office open ellison and tracy have a
chat when tracy tells him that she feels
like his hitbook kentucky blood was his
15 minutes of fame and that he should
consider some other job now ellison asks
tracy for some time to finish this last
book tracy agrees on the condition that
if the book flops she would take the
kids and go live at her sisters
after that ellison goes to his home
office to work first he collects many
notes and pictures and makes a mood
board with all the clues and information
then he takes a look at a picture of the
attic the police had taken after the
incident the box is missing from the
picture he figures that after the
investigation was over someone had put
the box there then he sets up the reel
and the projector and plays the video
the first reel is titled family hanging
out 11. it is of the stevenson family
having fun and playing in the house's
backyard all five of them look delighted
but the scene abruptly changes to the
four of them hanging from the tree
ellison is beyond surprised the murderer
had shot this video of them before
killing them as expected stephanie is
missing from the last clip ellison
re-watches the footage and notices that
the person who filmed the video is never
shown he writes this on his notepad then
he watches the real name
bbq79 in the footage is another family
called the martinez family by a lake
they have a barbecue picnic then the
scene abruptly changes to night time the
family is tied and gagged inside a car
and with cans of gasoline inside a
symbol is painted on the hood of the car
ellison watches in terror as someone
lights the car on fire with the whole
family inside it when he puts on the
next reel he suddenly hears a noise
coming from outside he goes out again
calling for ashley to see if it's her
but when he checks her room she is
sleeping peacefully then he hears the
noise coming from inside a moving box
suddenly trevor emerges from the box
shouting in fear ellison picks him up
and takes him outside to calm him down
they label it as one of trevor's night
terrors
the following morning is a happy one for
the family they eat breakfast together
after which the kids and tracy leave
ellison gets back to his work he
continues playing the reel he left last
night this one is named poolparty66
in the film a family enjoys a lovely day
at the pool while someone from a corner
films them the scene again changes to
show that it is now nighttime the family
is tied to pool benches and dragged into
the water they are drowned and killed
but ellison also notices a strange
figure inside the pool watching the
family die
he zooms onto the person it doesn't look
like a human as he inspects the picture
closely the projector starts to burn he
quickly puts the fire out he goes to his
computer and learns how to edit the film
now he can watch the videos even on his
computer
tracy and the kids are back home tracy
is furious because trevor had drawn a
picture of four people hanging from a
tree on his classroom's whiteboard tracy
blames allison for this and they get
into an argument later at night ellison
is in his office analyzing another one
of the reels in this one an empty
kitchen is shown in the middle of the
night as the camera moves the symbol
from the earlier video is shown then in
one of the rooms a couple lies bound on
a bed
someone slits their throat open and in
another room does the same to a kid
ellison finds an address in the video
and searches the murder on the internet
there he finds out that like the
stevenson family's case the youngest
member of the family had disappeared
after the murder as he researches the
murder the lights suddenly go off he
then hears the floor creaking outside he
hears that the noise is coming from the
attic so he climbs up there with his
phone's flashlight he looks around then
he finds a drawing of little kids that
depicts the murders with a strange
figure called mr boogie standing next to
the victims he moves around and the
addict's floor breaks beneath him
sending him down to the floor the
paramedics and the police arrive ellison
has injured his leg he tells the deputy
police that he heard someone moving in
the house and might be an intruder they
inspect the attic and conclude that it
might be some kind of animal-like
squirrel the paramedic is a fan of
ellison's book he asks ellison if he can
help him write his next book in any way
taking the opportunity ellison asks him
for the reports of the murders the
deputy then leaves and ellison gets back
to his work he has taken pictures of the
drawings in the attic and is inspecting
them on his computer he watches the
videos of the murders on repeat and
finds the same figure standing in the
background of every video
later he gets a call from the deputy
police who gives him the name and
addresses of one of the families in the
video ellison matches it to the rest and
finds out that every death is related to
each other
firstly the murders take place at
different times and in different cities
across the country then he finds that
the stevenson family lived in the house
where the miller family were murdered
before moving to pennsylvania
just then he finds a video of himself
that was accidentally taken when he fell
from the attic in the video he sees
several children's hands pushing him
down
ellison is beyond surprised that night a
noise wakes ellison outward he goes to
his office and sees his laptop display
the picture of the stevenson family
hanging in their backyard he turns it
off and goes to the window where he sees
the figure standing at the same place
like in the picture he goes out to check
and finds trevor behind the bushes
hiding because of his night terrors he
brings him inside and goes out again to
get his flashlight there he encounters a
dog and we see the lost kids of the
murdered family behind him
the following day the deputy officer
brings him the reports of the murders he
looks at the symbol on ellison's mood
board and suggests he call a professor
named jonas who is an expert in occult
symbols alison gets on a conference call
with jonas who tells him about the
symbol according to him such symbols
refer to an ancient daddy named boogal
who would kill entire families and take
one of their children to consume their
soul slowly
jonah suspects the murders are part of a
cult hearing this alison is distraught
he keeps the projector and the reels
inside the box and locks his office
at night he wakes up to his office door
wide open and the real playing inside
he stops the reel and looks around the
house for any intruder as he moves we
see the spirits of the children that had
disappeared around the house but ellison
doesn't notice them one of the girl's
spirits sits in front of ashley as she
looks at her horrified
that night ellison falls asleep on the
couch in the morning ashley draws a
picture on the wall and is scolded by
her mother
ellison is surprised to see that the
picture she has drawn is of stephanie
that way tracy gets to know that a
family had died in the house she is
living in she is furious at ellison for
not telling her and they get into a huge
fight she wants all of them to leave the
house immediately that night ellison
wakes up to a loud noise coming from his
office but when he goes to check in he
finds nothing then he sees the addict's
ladder is down so he climbs up to see if
there is an intruder however when he is
up he is terrified to see the children's
spirits watching a reel on the wall
allison is stunned as the children look
at him they watch a film about bugle
just then boogle appears in front of him
ellison falls to the ground the box of
reels and the projector fall from the
attic's door
ellison has made his decision to run
away from the house he takes the reels
brings him out to the backyard and burns
them tracy comes outside and inquires
about what he is doing ellison tells her
that they should have never moved to
this house he makes everyone hardly pack
their essentials and drive away from the
house the following morning the family
is in their new house ellison calls
professor jonas who informs him that the
bugle possesses pictures and lives on
earth through it ellison realizes that
the film was probably possessed too
after the call ellison deletes all the
pictures and videos of the murders from
his laptop the movers have brought their
stuff in from the old house ellison goes
to the house's attic and finds the box
with the projector and reels on it there
he also finds an extra envelope of reels
that says extended cut endings he comes
down to his office and starts setting up
the projector just then the deputy
officer calls him he has found crucial
information about the murders
every family that had been murdered had
lived in each other's previous homes
each new murder occurred shortly after
the family moved from the crime scene
into a new residence so by moving from
the last house to this one allison and
his family are basically the next to be
murdered
stunned ellison cuts the phone call and
plays the newfound reels and is
horrified to find that the murders
behind the camera were actually the kids
that disappeared stephanie hangs from
her father's dead body and another child
plays with a knife he used to kill his
family by the end of the video ellison
feels hazy he gets up and sees green
stuff on the bottom of the cup he was
drinking from the same green stuff can
be seen on every video of the murders he
then notices a note from ash that says
good night daddy under the cup then he
goes unconscious when he wakes up he
tracy and trevor are tied to the ground
ashley stands in front of him with an
axe and a video camera she films him as
she hits him with the weapon
cut to a few minutes later ashley shows
us around the house the walls are
splattered with blood ashley has drawn
several things on the wall with blood
later she adds her drawing to the other
children's she draws ellison tracy and
trevor's bodies decapitated suggesting
that she has beheaded them with the axe
the movie ends as boogo picks up ashley
and takes her inside the reel
thanks for watching make sure to like
and comment on the video if you enjoyed
it and subscribe to the channel to see
more of these movie summaries